# Planning call March 14, 2017

* Date: March 14, 2017
* Participants: Tarek Hassan, Jose-Luis Contreras, Saverio Lombardi, Gernot Maier, Christoph Deil

## Agenda

* Christoph Deil and all - Plan for face-to-face meeting next week
  * We will start Monday at 14:30, have eZuce remote connection
  * Contributions welcome!
  * Short-term goals (this week and next few weeks) - spec additions to support existing DL3 from CTA and current IACTs
  * Mid-term goals (next months) - Write a document summarising what DL3 could look like (in terms of content, but also file size) for CTA (focusing only on per-run IRFs?)
* Tarek Hassan - a proposal how to support point-like IRFs (https://github.com/open-gamma-ray-astro/gamma-astro-data-formats/pull/79)
  * You can see the proposed changes in HTML version here: http://www.gae.ucm.es/~thassan/gamma/irfs/index.html
  * There is also an on-going discussion regarding `HDUCLASn` hierarchy and ways to handle multiple types of IRFs, from: https://github.com/open-gamma-ray-astro/gamma-astro-data-formats/issues/71

## Minutes

* Tarek & Christoph plan to start a document on "CTA DL3 proposal" trying to outline a possible scheme that provides a full solution. Among other things it would reference Gernot's "CTA IRFs" document (work in progress, focused on current IRF production).
* To have a fruitful discussion, we'll try to prepare slides for Monday next week outlining the proposal and putting questions we have.
* ...
